transfer Millennium Stadium certainly
for these going to be the biggest stage
lately play on it's you know full of
students enthusiastic the future of of
rugby it's got things you want you've
got players who have the ambition to
play the game at a high intensity and
you've got fun too it would determine to
enjoy themselves this is the biggest
event of the year and as players we know
that he'd wanna let that week
universities done good off alone what a
great trip
the Cardiff boys are looking for a
second varsity victory on the bounce for
Swansea it's a case of bouncing back
after last year's defeat and to increase
their lead in the overall account both
teams raised their games for the varsity
game it's always very very close it has
been for the last three or four years
it's going to be a great day you know
certainly i'll be there supporting their
support in the red team and fingers
crossed we can put one over on island
win this one I think what it really
comes down to at the end is who deals
the pressure better because last year
with all that hands up and say we can
beat yo clasped on the day so I'm you go
we don't really look too hot we've done
up too far into the past but obviously
last year's result has affected me
personally and I'd really like to get
the win this year
I played in the equivalent of match back
in the sort of the early 80s and I was
at some University and you know we were
lucky to get my pan and a dog on the
touchline this as they come in all miss
you know so sixteen seventeen thousand
people enthusiastic a great you know
occasion and in a carnival atmosphere
some believe will you walk up to the 10
mill and straight away you looked at
last he locked the left who's covered in
green you look to the right foods
covered in red and and it is literally a
wall of sound in you when you're on a
pitch is very difficult to communicate
because the she annoys in the back room
they'd be here have the same opportunity
and be in the same places where these
players you've watched all your life
play it's just makes you realize how
lucky you are Cassandra never have a
chance coupling sporting professionalism
with academic institutions is the way
for they might be so you'll have more
and more players who who are bridging
the gap between professional rugby and
it and it has something Korea's for
after a bit and that's crucial so I
think I think you'll see more players
who are playing the last image going
into the regional setups and the
professional setups with the Premiership
clubs in the future
it is just 2 turns up in the day who
deals with the pressure the most and I
think with the game at varsity is just
about who wants it more
april twenty fourth it'll be another
great night at the Millennium Stadium
the big student clash of the year